# Gitcoin - Bounty 71

## Usage

### 1. Building RPMs (server)
Install the needed yum packages and generate both source and spec files:
```bash
bash pre_rpmbuild.sh ${version}
ls -l /root/rpmbuild/SPECS/harmony-one-${version}.spec
ls -l /root/rpmbuild/SOURCES/harmony-one-${version}.tar
```

Then build the RPM package:
```shell
rpmbuild -bb /root/rpmbuild/SPECS/harmony-one-${version}.spec
ls -l /root/rpmbuild/RPMS/x86_64/harmony-one-${version}-${release}.el8.x86_64.rpm
```

This repo contains RPMs for all v4 versions generated by:
```shell
for v in $(cat version_list.txt) ; do pre_rpmbuild.sh ${v} && rpmbuild -bb /root/rpmbuild/SPECS/harmony-one-${v}.spec ; done
```

### 2. Populating the yum repository (server)
Add new RPMs to repo:
```shell
yum install createrepo
cp /root/rpmbuild/RPMS/x86_64/*.rpms pub/yum/x86_64/.
cd pub/yum/x86_64
createrepo .
```

### 3. Testing 'yum install harmony-one' (client)
Copy the repo file:
```shell
cp harmony-one.repo /etc/yum.repos.d/.
yum clean all && yum repolist
yum install harmony-one-4.0.0-0
```

## Comments - Description and Acceptance Criteria

> Package and distribute the Harmony binaries for Linux's CentOS/RHEL/AL2 distribution. For example, CentOS's yum install harmony-one should initiate installation of Harmony binaries alongside all the dependencies. Also allow the installation to be pinned to a certain version.

This sets the package name to *harmony-one*. The RPM package installs binaries *harmony*, *bootnode*, and also *mcl* and *bls* libs.

> Create the necessary dependency metadata initially with a personal repo (to point to Harmony later on)**

See the **pub** directory.

> Provide the guidelines on how to add the source RPM-based CentOS/RHEL/AL2 to enable installs

See #3. Tested with clients running RHEL 8.4, CentOS 8.4 and Amazon Linux 2.

> Ensure the setup and installation abides by Harmony and Linux guidelines (e.g. permissions, install path, etc.)

See the *harmony-one.spec.template* file.

> Document the steps necessary to post the latest builds to the Linux repositories, if any

See #1 and #2.

> Submit the changes to Harmony and review with the Harmony team

Done through gitcoin.

## Final remarks

### Building server
Used a machine running RHEL 8.4 with go1.17.2 installed from source
because the official Red Hat repository doesn't provide golang later than 1.15.

### Golang version
The %build section of the spec file checks if the Golang version on the building machine complies
with the requirement in the *go.mod* file from the harmony github repo.

### Everything else
All commands should be executed with *root*.
I had to make assumptions during development, please let me know if you need anything.
